How-to modify the extension to customize the Apache Guacamole login screen
I would first recommend looking at the default login page and using the developer tools in your browser to inspect the elements and CSS of the page. You can make tweaks using these tools and see the changes live without needing to commit to settings, alter the extension and implement the extension in Guacamole to see the results. Record your desired settings while doing so and use that as a guide when modifying the extension to your needs.

The branding.jar file is basically a container type file like a .zip archive, which means it contains files. You should be able to use archive manager programs like 7-zip to open the .jar file and view/edit the files contained within it.

The internal file structure is basically:

css (folder) -> .css (file)
images (folder) -> logo file as .png
translations (folder) -> en.json (file) and other language files as needed
guac-manifest.json (file) which ties all the parts together so Guacamole knows what to use.
The background colors, logo image used and other cosmetic changes to the page are implemented changing the stylesheets in the .css file.

The images folder just contains the logo file. This has only been tested with a .png file.

The .json file(s) in the translations folder dictate what text is displayed for the title (and according to what language).

Lastly the guac-manifest.json basically ties all those parts together so Guacamole can use them to customize the login screen to the desired specifications.

Steps to implement the extension to customize the Apache Guacamole login page
Once the branding.jar extension is updated to the desired parameters, it needs to be placed in the extensions folder used by Guacamole. This may differ according to Distro, method of installation and unique choices made when configuring the Apache Guacamole server:

On RHEL/CentOS 7.x implementations the branding.jar file should then be placed in /var/lib/guacamole/extensions.
On Debian 9 (Stretch/stable) implementations the branding.jar file should then be placed in /etc/guacamole/extensions/.
If using SELinux, you will likely need to set the proper context on the extension for it to work. As a baseline example this may be something like:

semanage fcontext -a -t tomcat_exec_t "/var/lib/guacamole/extensions/branding.jar"
restorecon -v "/var/lib/guacamole/extensions/branding.jar"
After doing so restart at least the guacamole service:

On RHEL/CentOS 7.x and up : systemctl restart guacd
On Debian 9 (Stretch/stable): service guacd restart
It might not be a bad idea to restart Tomcat, MariaDB/MySQL, Nginx and guacd as well.

Ensure the browser hasn't cached the old login page, if so clear the cache or try another method of accessing the site not previously used (another browser or another device).

If the parameters within the branding.jar are correct and the extension is in the proper directory the changes should be aparent on the login screen.